Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
It is never too late, no matter how old you get because anytime or any point in your life you can always have a chance to make a difference. You can always make a change for the better no matter what background you derived from. You can always do your best and be all that you can be because you will always be uniquely you. It is why it is always wise to listen to your eternal heart, your eternal instincts, and what it had always strove for and/or to do because really anybody can make a difference not only in their own lives but in the lives of others. It is never too late to shine; never.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Sometimes you will never know the value of something,until it becomes a memory.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.
Patience is power. Patience is not an absence of action; rather it is "timing" it waits on the right time to act, for the right principles and in the right way.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Someday, everything will make perfect sense. So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, be strong and keep reminding your self that everything happens for a reason.
If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great
Don't count the days, make the days count.
Time is free, but it's priceless. You can't own it, but you can use it. You can't keep it, but you can spend it. Once you've lost it you can never get it back.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Don't waste your time chasing butterflies. Mend your garden, and the butterflies will come.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Remember, success is a journey not a destination. Have faith in your ability. You will do just fine.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the power they have to change it.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
The greatest source of happiness is the ability to be grateful at all times.
You alone are the judge of your worth and your goal is to discover infinite worth in yourself, no matter what anyone else thinks.
Don't let anyone rob you of your imagination, your creativity, or your curiosity. It's your place in the world; it's your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Hang on the walls of your mind the memory of your successes. Take counsel of your strength, not your weakness. Think of the good jobs you have done. Think of the times when you rose above your average level of performance and carried out an idea or a dream or a desire for which you had deeply longed. Hang these pictures on the walls of your mind and look at them as you travel the roadway of life.